I just didn't think of it.
My mother's attending doctor is that beast surnamed Zhao
Thank you for your ideals
Now he wants to treat my mom
No chance
speak out
Dr. Zhao is the youngest academician in the entire hospital
Except for him, only Dean Wang can cure your mother's illness
Underclass people like you
Can be treated by Dr. Zhao
It is already the eight lifetime blessing you have cultivated.
Hey, why don't you let Dr. Zhao treat it?
If you can't talk, you still want Dean Wang
Come and treat your mother in person
This doctor heals the sick. It is their God
And hospitals shouldn't divide people into three, six and nine classes
But wealth and status
You can divide people into three, six, nine, etc.
- you what you
I'll tell you what.
Your current wealth and power
It's classy wherever you go
Your mother's illness will find the best in one sentence
treatment plan
But now you are talking loudly to anger the Jiang family
The Jiang family is saying the same thing now
It can also make the underclass like you
Powerless people get out
What doctor wang
Dr. Zhao
I won't even look at your mouth
You don't have to use me to threaten Cang'er
Even if I die, I will not drag down Cang'er
You old thing is courting death